---
title: 'CS 104: Course Info'
---

<script>
        import { base, edstem, gradescope, canvas } from '$lib/constants';
</script>

# Course Info

## Lectures

Lecture attendance is optional, but highly recommended. Assignments will assume
that you know the material from that week's lectures.

We will publish lecture notes as well as slides for each lecture for anyone who
misses or cannot attend in-person class. We will try to post lecture recordings
to [Canvas]({canvas}) on a best-effort basis, but we can't make any guarantees
about their quality (or even existence).

## Assignments

There will be 8 weekly assignments for the course as well as a final project.
Assignments will usually be due on Wednesdays at 11:59 PM, unless indicated
otherwise on the assignment handout or the course schedule. All assignments
will be submitted on [Gradescope]({gradescope}). Each student will be allowed a
total of 3 late days for assignments, which may be spent in units of one day
(24 hours) on any assignment throughout the quarter. You do not need to inform
us when taking late days; we'll use Gradescope submission times to figure them
out. There will be no exams in this course.

## Office Hours

Our office hours timings are listed on the [homepage]({base}).  We will try to
maintain a regular weekly schedule, but we may have to make adjustments as the
quarter progresses. They will be a mix of in-person and remote. You can also
get help on [Ed]({edstem}).

## Grading Policy

CS45 is graded on a Satisfactory / No Credit basis. We expect that everyone
should be able to earn a grade of satisfactory. Your course grade will be based
on your assignment scores, final project score, and weekly surveys. You get an
S if you earn 25 points in the class:

- Each weekly assignment (1 thru 8) is worth 3 points (Assignment 0 is worth 1
  point).
- Each weekly survey is worth 0.5 points.
- The final project is worth 5 points

## Honor Code

As in all Stanford classes, you are expected to follow the Stanford Honor Code.
Work submitted for grading should not be derived from or influenced by the work
of others. Do your own thinking, your own design, your own coding, and your own
debugging. Any assistance you receive must remain within acceptable limits.
Truthful citations must be made where required. All submissions are subject to
plagiarism detection tools. Suspected violations are referred to the Community
Standards office.

## Students with Documented Disabilities

Students who may need an academic accommodation based on the impact of a
disability must initiate the request with the Student Disability Resource
Center (SDRC) located within the Office of Accessible Education (OAE). SDRC
staff will evaluate the request with required documentation, recommend
reasonable accommodations, and prepare an Accommodation Letter for faculty
dated in the current quarter in which the request is being made. Students
should contact the SDRC as soon as possible since timely notice is needed to
coordinate accommodations. The OAE is located at 563 Salvatierra Walk.
